# eclipseconditions
Building a solution for finding the best place for viewing 2021 Solar eclipse

With less than a month left until an annular solar eclipse (the one where Moon covers the center of the Sun, leaving the thin ring of the outer edge visible), it might make sense to start looking for your preferred place for viewing. 
This is not that easy a task, though. First, the path of annular eclipse will cross parts of Canada, Greenland, Russian Far East and a very tiny bit of United States: these are not the most densely populated places in the world and it's very unlikely you are living within that zone. Traveling there for many of us is also quite expensive, long, and not very environmental-friendly to say the least. Second, Covid. As of present, vaccination is stalling even in many of the developed countries and even those vaccinated, while able to travel more than unvaccinated people, are still limited in their options, different across countries and even regions. For example, while I will be able to enter my home country in June, traveling anywhere inside it for anything more ambitious than a daytrip would not really be feasible, since I will not be able to book a room with my girlfriend if we are vaccinated in another country, and only married couples are allowed to book hotel rooms together in this case.
Now, when choosing a general area of where would I plan to go for an eclipse hunt, I am considering two things: how much of the Sun will be covered by Moon, since I am settling for a partial eclipse, and what's the weather going to be like at the time of the main event. The first could be measured by either obscuration (the percentage of apparent solar disc covered by the Moon) or magnitude (the part of diameter of solar disc covered by the Moon) - much more better explanation than mine can be found here, you can even play with sliders there in order to better comprehend the difference. The second one for me in this case is synonymous with cloud cover - it's nice to have pleasant temperature and light wind, but that's a secondary priority.

`miasta w Polsce.csv` is a list of Polish towns and cities.
`conditions.py` is a scraper file that looks for eclipse viewing conditions and coordinates.
`poland_eclipses_ha_corrected_with_coords.csv` is a manually corrected dataframe of places, eclipse conditions and their coordinates, based on `conditions.py`.
`weather.py` takes a list of places and coordinates and populates it with weather conditions, allowing to pick a perfect spot.
